---
layout: "../../layouts/BaseLayout.astro"
---

# done
1. ~~VirtualBox on EndeavourOS~~
2. ~~Arch Linux on VirtualBox using the official ArchInstall script~~
3. ~~install Arch Linux on VirtualBox following The Arch Wiki install guide~~
4. ~~Install and set up xfce on Arch Linux~~
5. ~~Once you feel comfortable working in the VM try installing Arch Linux on your hardware~~
6. ~~buy domain name and point dns to here~~
7. ~~Install and setup nd learn Neovim. migrate from Vim to Neovim.~~
8. ~~delete apple music, migrate to spotify and soundcloud~~
9. ~~freeCodeCamp's (New) Responsive Web Design Certification~~
10. ~~freeCodeCamp's JavaScript Algorithms and Data Structures certification~~
11. ~~Migrate terminatevirus.com from HTML + CSS + JS to Next.js + React + CSS Modules -> tervillc.com~~
12. ~~Tails and Dread ;)~~
13. ~~Hair loss treatment~~
14. ~~Meal prepping - Hard Boiled eggs + bacon, chicken + rice~~
15. ~~Migrate Bioethx.org from Gatsby + Contentful "headless cms" to Next.js + Markdown~~
16. ~~Set up and learn i3 on Arch Linux alongside xfce~~
17. ~~Set up and learn BlackArch~~
18. ~~Finnish React Docs: "Guide to main concepts", "thinking in react" - legacy.reactjs.org~~
19. ~~musi - music streaming like alternative for android~~
20. ~~install VirtualBox on Arch Linux~~
21. ~~Become a PHP & MySQL dev~~
22. ~~Drink more water~~
23. ~~buy all black fabletics drip for work~~
24. ~~sleep before midnight-~~
25. ~~get a bunch of fabletics drip and pause your subscription for 3 months~~
26. ~~Install Mixxx and use youtube-dl to download playlists from soundcloud and practice DJing~~
