---
layout: "../../layouts/PostLayout.astro"
---

I have a lot of pride in my Colombian heritage. Arepas, cafe, la belleza, la cultura, more specifically the Music. Vallenato, cumbia, salsa, pop, juanes, carlos vives, shakira, bacilos, fonseca, cabas, fanny lu, champeta, reggaeton, j balvin, maluma, sebastian yatra, manuel turizo, karol g, feid. 

My dad is from Ecuador but he is the one that really taught me about club music as young as 5 years of age. All the house/techno/electronic and hip hop from the 90s to early 2000s.

anywho I am seeing something in the Colombian club scene as of late that feels as if it was made for me.

In my opinion the electronic music that is most palatable for humans seems to be house.
I love house but man what if it was techno or wubs, that would be amazing.

Latin Tech House has become part of the meta recently. I will refer to this as latin house.

#### Exhibit A
For me the leader in the space is hugel. Now hugel along with other djs that have made awesome latin house tracks that heavily rely on Colombian folk singers for the melodies that make each track special.

#### Exhibit B
Carlos Vives, Colombian national treasure vallenato pop star has recently collaborated on an official latin house version of fruta fresca. it's quite good actually.

#### Exhibit C
Feid, the new man carrying the reggaeton scene in Colombia forward, that in my experience djing has been requested just as much as bad bunny as of late. Feid has officially released two latin house tracks "not remixes". They are both really good actually.

#### Exhibit D
Shakira's latest 2024 album has had a lot of dance beats but one track in my book is fully latin house and the production is a collaborative effort between Bizzarap and Tiësto. the song is actually really good.

#### Exhibit E
skrillex back in 2015 2016 said that marshmello was the new face of edm and brought him on. This held true, marshmello has even produced a whole album featuring spanish artists only. I have a playlist featuring more than 20 marshmello latin songs. five years later skrillex has been bringing the indutry more traditional dance and house rythms and hes done it again this time and introduced the new leader in the electronic dance music space and brought in Fred Again.., and so far its been true. 
It's been a while since the prince of reggaeton has released an album due to covid, the major pimp slap bad bunny gave the industry in 2022, and him having a baby. the boy from medellin will release a new colab album this year w/ Ed sheeran hopefully for the summer to pair with the release his new jordans the Rio 3s but I digress.
It is produced by Fred Again..
Fred Again's sound is very beautiful paying homage to the love of 90s house and synths of classical trance and bringing in trap artists on the vocals.

### Exhibit F
afrobeats

### Exhibit G
tuci music, guaracha

---

I want to be drippy.

1. first things first get your money up. make more money per hour of your time.
2. get fitted triple white air forces.
3. sun glasses for pollen and sun, I drive alot with the sun roof
4. I feel like yeezy's are only going to go up, so I would invest in those: slides, boost 350 v2s, foam runners.
5. try the slim pants from falbletics: only's and the highs/chinos, I got hella credits & points, try the cadence shorts with the liner for the combos, or just get packs of 24/7 tees black/white.
6. for all black shoes foamposites look drippy in my opinion, second to all black air forces which are more affordable and most likely to pass requirements for work probably would want a shiesty and a glizzy tho, yeezy boosts are good option for all black shoe but they are more like running shoes than basketball shoes.
7. I'll be training for a glizzy one day, maybe there is a membership like a gym I will quit onelife membership to make ends meet and double down on planet or even better work at a gym. along with the glasses and a shiesty for winter, I could get all black air forces. they are the most affordable of the all black options. but I will only use them for work.
8. maybe for hiking the wheat/flax air force might be a better choice. plus they are really drippy.
9. now for crazy drip I could get the triple red air forces.
10. whether they are red, black, white, wheat; air forces are never more than 135 directly from nike. They are closer to 90 from official resellers. I can get all four for the price of a single yeezy boost or foamposite.
11. before I get different color ways other than the triple white air forces. I gotta be in the habit of taking care of them. maybe getting them in my size will help with the creasing. I gotta be in the habit of cleaning them and learn how to clean them. I heard for the white ones I can just toss them in the wash, so I gotta get a shoe rack. i can get one of the shoe things stuff in there to keep the shape. I can also get a hydrophopic spray and research which ones for tripple white  air forces. 
12. I heard jordans are harder to maintain than the air forces.
13. dunks are popular but they dont have the heritage or the additional height that interests me.
14. for drippy running shoes yeezy boosts "350 v2", for drippy slides yeezy slides, for drippy croc like shoes yeezy foam runners.
15. but first before dropping money on shoes i should use it make sure my car bumper is fixed so it looks good new clean y no de pobres.
16. and also I should be investing in my dj gear like a pioneer contoller, pioneer head phones, pioneer monitors  for the pioneer contoller. PA speakers.
17. dual boot linux laptop for serato lite on windows, linux audio production - house music.
18. nice beginners men watch.
19. shorter thicker chain.
20. If I need a new car: cheapest option used wrx 'sti' sub 20k to 20k+ kia k5 to 30k+ audi a3
21. get tints on your audi.
22. get your car detailed on the regular maybe up to once a month ~$30.
23. go to your neighborhood barber once to twice a month.
24. focus on aesthetics in the gym. work 12-3-30 twice a day and abs every day. planks all day.
25. get really tan.
26. invest in lint roller and dry cleaning bags for jackets.

---
masculine focuses to divert away from lust

1. Money - HU, crypto, sell - sec, freelance web dev, DJing, driving, gym
2. Drip - shoes - nike - air force 1s, yeezys, jordans
3. Cars - subaru wrx sti, porsche boxter, porsche 911
4. Christ
5. Violence - UFC, MMA, Boxing, training, guns, knives for combat.
6. Career - DJing, web dev, linux, sec.
7. gym - aesthetics, strength

---

things I want

1. great adventure bible
2. bible in a year reading plan
3. great adventure timeline
4. rosary
5. jesus piece
6. dual boot windows install serato lite.
7. pioneer flx 400 + pioneer monitors
8. throw away clothes 'donate' research 'archdioces'
9. 12-3-30 twice a day
10. planks w/ pomodoro
11. white, black, wheat, red air force 1s

# lets move to Florida: Miami, Fort Lauderdale, Aventura
1. gymfluencer, gym training cert, muscular christianity, catholicism
2. make a name for myself djing, parties, clubs, instagram, tik tok, pioneer + serato
3. sell condo +100k
4. research tech jobs
5. DJ request management app.
6. floreka, robus, 2c, ktm
7. tervi florida
8. bar tending
9. security
10. mma instructor

### what I got
- 10th gen i7 dell latitude w/ Linux Mint Debian Edition 6 Dracula themed
- Numark mixstream pro
- Samsung galaxy A15 2023 "5G"
- usb 3.Xs
- audi a3 quatro 2.0T
- Condo in Germantown Mongomery County MD

### What I want
- breathable work hours, uber/eats/doordash for big money
- better sleep
- train gym/tactical/mma everyday 
- chicken and rice home meal for work
- buff out bumper, check what needs to be replaced, black tints, clean, detail, stage 1 tune up.

### certs
1. google cybersecurity certificate
2. A+
3. Network+
4. Security+
5. Cloud Practioner
6. Dev Associate "nodejs"
7. rhcsa
8. ceh
---
9. oscp 

### steps to take
1. research and execute how to get medicated for adhd
2. lua course + new Neovim tutorial by core dev "TJ"
3. anki download learn and use for cerificates
4. Neovim & Markdown + Git & GitHub foss Obsidian alternative
5. docker ci/cd + agile w/ Github: Bun + Hono + Pico CSS - HATEOAS
6. Migrate all sites to Astro + Tailwind "DaisyUI"
7. learn chatgpt for dev

---

### Life todos
- summer bod - 12.3.30 multiple time a day every day leg ups at home weighted crunches at the gym, yoga mat and do abs with medicine balls as well like patrick bateman from american psycho. by mid june win $200.
- Delete clothes u dont use. research where to donate.
- Meditation + Brahmacharya + prayer + church
- get medicated for adhd

### DJing todos
- create new partition for windows 10
- create windows 10 installer usb
- install windows 10 on new partition
- fix grub with gparted from LMDE installer usb
- install serato on windows 10 partition of dell latitude
- figure out how to use serato on the numark mixstream pro
- buy the Pioneer [DDJ-FLX4](https://www.pioneerdj.com/en-us/product/controller/ddj-flx4/black/overview/) w/ [DM 40/50 D monitor speakers](https://www.pioneerdj.com/en-us/product/monitor-speakers/) ~ $450 - $520
- ~~create LMDE 6 usb to use gparted to rescue grub after windows installation~~

### Hacker ToDo's
- Learn Bash scripting for automating system processes
- learn Nix: package manager, enviroments, lang, config, OS "vbox"
- learn yt-dlp, mpv, grep, fzf, ytfzf w/ proxychains, terminal rss youtube, delete youtube account, get audio and video files to android, android media player
- devserg.io domain email forward gmail alias hack for job search
- devserg.io linode wordpress install rocky linux/debian php and mysql web apps portfolio site
---
- Learn Go for Back-End dev
- Learn rust for systems programming, tools, cli's, etc. Also the Govt. wants rust rewrites for programs built in C, plus for future space missions.

---
# work

### should know for work
1. React 18+/Next.js 13+
2. Postgres + drizzle
3. Stripe - new fireship stripe course for SaaS
4. Tailwind CSS + Figma
5. npm ai 'vercel'/llms - huggingface
6. PHP & MySQl/WordPress
7. Github project management + DevOps/Agile

---
### build
1. tervillc.com
2. terminatevirus.com
3. bioethx.org
4. bioethx.com
5. www.devserg.io
6. aquasinc.com
7. All4Gainz
8. dbizzle/bussin.es
9. inventory app
10. talent pool app
11. timesheet/time and attendance app
12. bioethx app
13. bioethxcafe app
14. bioethx express app
15. Aquas/Clarsen consultatiuons e-commerce site
16. aquas/bioethx ai chatbots 'npm' ai

---
### dream setup
- Thinkpad T480
- ubuntu 24.04 w/ gnome 46 or lmde 6
- Nix
- git + github setup
- Neovim 
- folders
    - lua - neovim config
    - js - Astro/Jamstack sites
    - php - mysql legacy web apps
    - go - htmx/hateoas web apps
    - rust - systems programming/rewrites
    - python - ai
